please welcome notion coo Akshay katari
motive CEO and founder shoaib makani
incredible Health CEO and co-founder
Iman abousaid and base 10 Partners
operating partner Laura Weidman powers
hi everybody we are so excited to be
here and also I have to say your lunch
smells really good
smell it from The Siege I could not be
more excited to be here sharing the
stage with these three incredible
Founders
and I know we're actually really all
here to hear them talk not me so I'm
actually going to start out by letting
them introduce themselves briefly
um so I would love Akshay if you can
start us off and just share the company
you're with the mission what you're
building and what your role is at it
well first of all thank you Laura for
having us I deeply admire shui beniman
and very glad to be a portfolio company
of Base 10.
um I'm Akshay I'm the CEO at notion and
our mission notion's mission is to
democratize software tool making we
think a lot of the SAS tools that you're
probably using and people represented
here a lot of them are built off very
few fundamental building blocks and what
notion is trying to do is really offer
these building blocks to the people so
that they can actually build their own
tools build tools the way their brain
works as opposed to the other way around
so that's our mission of course that
itself is not enough we also need a
market and one of the trends that we're
noticing is that there's just been an
explosion of tools
I think there's an OCTA study that talks
about a number of tools each company is
using and it just keeps going up I think
it's muting to about a hundred now and
what we're seeing from customers is that
people are really wanting for the
pendulum to swing back a little bit they
want fewer tools where they can actually
do a lot of the work fewer tools that
talk to each other and that's really
what is helping notion really grow uh in
today's market and finally I'm the CEO
which is a nice fuzzy title uh it means
that I've over the course of four years
have played many different roles
um I would say the core thing that I've
probably done at notion has helped
recruit uh the leaders that are now
driving a lot of our business
amazing thank you okay uh I'm gonna kick
it over now to Iman
sure hey everyone my name is Iman
abuzade I'm the CEO of incredible Health
incredible health is a career
Marketplace for healthcare workers we're
the fastest growing career Marketplace
for healthcare workers in the US today
what that means is hospitals and Health
Systems they use our software to hire
nurses in permanent roles in 20 days or
less instead of it taking 80 days or
longer our vision is to help Healthcare
professionals live better lives and the
mission is to help them find and do
their best work we've been around for
five years now we work with over 600
hospitals and across the country in 25
States and uh and yeah it's great to be
here great all right should we finish
this out uh great to be here thanks for
having me uh I'm co-founder and CEO of a
company called motive uh we build our
mission is to unlock the potential of
the physical economy uh and and very
specifically what we do is we build
technology uh that improves the safety
and productivity of Industries like
construction uh Transportation field
service agriculture manufacturing really
any business that has physical
operations uh needs what we got our iot
Hardware connects their physical
operations brings our vehicles equipment
physical assets online and digitize
where otherwise as an offline workflow
and then we build AI powered
applications that solve a key a number
of the key operational problems that
these businesses face uh where is my
stuff how is it being operated are my
drivers operating safely and efficiently
uh you know being able to actually
digitize the core workflows and the
communication with customers that allows
these business is to drive productivity
to get more out of their their Workforce
and to be able to better serve their
customers and communities uh we've been
at it for about nine years
today we have north of 130 000 customers
across a really a wide range of
Industries and geographies and have a
big opportunity ahead of us
thank you
um and I'm Laura Weidman Powers I am
operating partner at base 10. we are a
venture firm that invests in automation
for the real economy our two pillars
that drive us are research and purpose I
am thrilled to get to work with these
three as part of the advancement
initiative which is our growth stage
fund where we invest in top tech
companies and then we as a firm donate
half of our returns to create
scholarships at historically black
colleges and universities and we work
across our portfolio on ESG and Dei as
our Portfolio Service and so even though
we are returns focused investors we're
not impact investors you can imagine
that we attract very purpose-driven
Founders case in points
and increasingly we're finding that that
being really self-aware about the power
that you have as a Founder especially of
a unicorn of a hyper Growth Company
and the impacts that you can have is
becoming table Stakes for running a
company in the 21st century your
employees care the market cares and so
that's the conversation that we wanted
to have today is really about how you
live and honor your values when you are
building and running a unicorn
so each of you is doing this and I think
that the hope and dream for many in the
audience is probably to do the same to
build a unicorn and to do it while
living your values so um we're going to
spin through each of you to hear what
your values are as a company and then a
super brief example of what that
actually looks like in action so
um I have your values up behind so we'll
start with Iman so the values are there
so you can spin through those real quick
but what I'd really love for folks to
understand is maybe one quick example of
what that looks like in action for you
sure yeah so this is a set of our values
uh and we we created our values at the
very beginning when we were when we
started the company in 2017 when we were
only two co-founders
um so a few of them are you know
customer Obsession do whatever you can
to Delight users speed move as quickly
as humanly possible deliver results so
this is a pretty data driven company
stuff needs to get get some things need
to get measured so look at inputs
outputs deliver results
um disagree and commit it's probably one
of our one of my favorite values uh
where we really want everybody to have
the obligation to dissent and to be able
to disagree in the the environment is
safe for uh for debate and discussion in
order to make the best decisions for the
customers or for or for the business
instead of making decisions based on you
know Egos and titles and other things
like that and then ownership uh you
really need to own your work and
everybody needs to act like a CEO when
you're a CEO the Box does stuff with you
and so if everybody's operating in that
way that tends to help
as far as like a um you know a specific
example
um you know we launched in the in the
northeastern part of this country uh in
last year towards the end of last year
and you know we're building a two-sided
Marketplace so there is a geographic
component to our business and honestly
like the East our the northeastern part
of this Marketplace was not functioning
anywhere near as well as the west or the
South and uh you know and we didn't know
why so like a lot of these values were
implemented right away where we had to
you know we had to do whatever we can to
Delight those users
um including you know things that were
manual that we had to get done
um
we had to very rapidly scale up our
operations teams for example which you
know meant moving with speed uh things
did we discovered that a lot of our
analytics weren't as robust as they
should have been
um and then certainly there was a lot of
ambiguity going on which which is where
disagree and commit comes in so that's
where you have the discussions the
debates and so on about what to do and
then ultimately we have to commit make a
decision and move on
um and then it really did take every
leader including you know the middle
managers and other you know uh leaders
lower down the organization too to
operate like owners in order to get us
out of that so thankfully we got out of
it but you know it's the framework that
these values provide uh enabled us to to
Really Turn Around some of the employer
and nurse experiences that were not as
good as we were hoping in the Northeast
I love that example because it's how you
use the values to understand what to
focus on and and where to lean in and
then also how you go about executing
against that priority so it really pulls
through sort of the decision and the
aftermath yeah absolutely I mean you
probably will comment on the same I mean
the values get really tested when things
are going wrong
yep yes yeah it is it's easy to say
you're living your values when
everything is uh roses but yeah
um okay great so let's uh let's go to
usually
um tell us about motives values and an
example of when one of those values has
been used in action yeah
um
we have four values own it less but
better build trust and unlock potential
and some of these are obvious uh perhaps
one of them is less obvious uh or two
and and so I'm going to focus on less
but better uh I I think this one really
stands out because my my general
take on company building is uh you have
to do a few things incredibly well
before you ever have an opportunity to
do more if you can't solve that very
meaningful problem for that customer you
won't ever have the potential to expand
and build a platform to solve multiple
products or build multiple products
solve multiple problems and so that that
the idea of less but better which is
fundamentally rooted in essentialism
that there's few things that really
matter uh it holds incredibly true for
uh for company building and it's one
thing that uh you know you're constantly
challenged on right because as you are
more successful you get more resources
you get more capital and there's always
uh distractions and shiny objects
um and and actually in 2018 I think we
actually fell uh victim to this we we
started a whole new business line uh we
have a hardware and software enabled SAS
business that's very good growing very
fast we started a new Marketplace
business
um and and it was very high potential it
fit our founding narrative it was the
right story and and it actually scaled
pretty rapidly to north of 100 million
dollar run rate in something like 18
months but we we realized actually that
it was consuming an incredible amount of
organizational energy and capital to
continue to to scale it and that was
coming at you know the expense of our
Core Business which uh actually you know
is very high margin compounds at a very
high rate incredibly High uh very
durable Revenue stream and had lots of
potential still to be realized and so we
made the very hard decision actually of
shutting that business down completely
uh you know going from 100 million
dollar run rate to zero on that product
line on that business line uh and and it
was really tied back to that concept of
less but better uh and and doing so
um allowed us to Channel all of our
energy and operational resources and
actually r d resources toward uh that
that core hardware and software business
uh and that re-accelerated growth
dramatically uh and and has been
incredibly value generative for the
company and so yeah less but better
Rings through for me I think about it
constantly because every single day as a
CEO you're going to be confronted with
uh New Opportunities and new shiny
objects
but um you're giving me flashbacks to
when I was a CEO as well because one of
the things that you realize is you see
the problem so closely and you see all
the various Solutions and it can be so
tempting to want to go out and build
those additional solutions to the
problem so I love that you have actually
enshrined in a value this notion of
focus which I think can be incredibly
challenging when you're really close to
the problem and when you have the
resources to solve yeah it's
particularly tempting when you have the
capability you know you can solve that
problem but but I think I think the
lesson is you know approach things in
series rather than in parallel uh you
know choose it as the next opportunity
rather than one you're going to run
alongside
um you're going to stay on that for just
one second how do you know when it's
time to add that next solution or
product yeah it's funny we have since
launched a new new product line
um and the timing was right I think I
think the first product has to land and
it has to be not just at a stage of
product Market fit but like product
market dominance
um and and where it's a go to market
play to take it to scale rather than a
continuous product iteration there's
always going to be iteration but like it
it should be generally a a conquered
terrain before you go and say I'm going
to move on to the next uh and and we
felt like
the the that moment was right for this
next product line and ideally and almost
certainly they should be uh they they
should be integrated they should create
integrated value for the customer um
there should be leverage in the product
uh and and that's when you know it's
both the right thing to build and the
right time to build it so let me see if
I can sum that up if you have hit
product Market fit with the first and
you're really looking at a go to market
scale challenge you can use that r d
capability for the next and there's got
to be synergies and leverage across the
two that's right
taking notes all right let's go over to
you actually a notion tell us about your
values and a time when one of them has
been put into practice
first of all I love this topic because I
feel like
um it took us about 18 months to come up
with the four values at notion
um and it was a really interesting
process where you're studying other
companies values and so even listening
to motive and incredible Health values
is super fun
um because you're always learning
um so the four values that notion has uh
and text on this is too small but uh be
the owner of the mission
be a pace setter
be a truth Seeker
and be kind and direct
there's I'll give you two interesting
things here one is that we have the two
values in between the pace Setter and
the truth Seeker that always fight with
each other and we actually like that uh
for many things that are probably
reversible we want people to move fast
uh and and actually do things and as a
startup that's one of the ways you can
really sort of win in the market but a
lot of other things that are
irreversible we want to be truth seeking
we want to take the time and rigorously
think about that decision
and so I think those two values are are
interesting to watch in in a day-to-day
life and figure out which one you want
to lean in more
Hobbies my favorite is being kind and
direct this is one that I sort of saw a
version of this in a lot of different
companies uh and I think the mistake or
sort of at least talking to employees
what happens is when you say be kind or
be nice or be empathetic it actually
gets misinterpreted a lot inside the
company uh people take that as a way of
just being nice to each other without
asking the tough questions uh and so we
added the and direct part of notion
which was very authentically us we want
to be kind to each other but we also
want to push each other to do our best
work and that means that you are going
to
I think similar to what Iman said we we
are going to dissent when you feel like
it's uh it's not correct or when you
have a different point of view
um you know at notion unsurprisingly we
we actually write a lot of docs uh and
we actually are able to comment on each
other's work asynchronously and and that
allows us to be kind and direct like I
can read uh a doc from the product team
about a feature we're potentially
launching and I can weigh in on them and
I can speak my mind uh and and as I've
done this over the course of last year I
guess one of the things I've realized is
directness is kindness like if if
someone's not performing inside the
company if you're not direct with them
you were actually doing one of the most
unkind things to them uh and so so I I
really like this value and and that's
it's nice to see as we've scaled it's a
value that a new employee actually picks
it up really fast and inside notion as
well I once had a professor that said do
not mistake vagueness for compassion
which is another I think version of that
that's so often when there's something
hard to say we sort of pull back or use
a lot of Flowery language and actually
that's not being kind so I love that and
I also love the example of leaving
comments in a doc because especially
these days as we are increasingly remote
distributed hybrid everybody's doing
that and it's often a primary way that
we're communicating with one another is
asynchronously and in writing so any
tips that you have from seeing that
value in action and notion where you all
are probably experts at asynchronous
communication that the audience can take
away
this is this has been an interesting
learning over the last two three years
in the pandemic is actually like writing
docs and asynchronously commenting is
one of the best ways you can actually
include all your employees it doesn't
matter like only eight people are in a
room talking and only those eight people
can talk like today I can write a doc
and you know 350 people at notion can
all see it in slack that it was written
and everybody can weigh in on it
um
I think another way Founders
specifically Executives can do and
actually like push this value is is uh
when you see someone actually
disagreeing
um you know being going out there and
sort of appreciating that and sort of
going deeper with them uh and not trying
to sort of like you know just brush off
and move forward
um so I think I actively seek out when
when people are disagreeing and I sort
of pulled that thread more because
that's that's my way of uh letting them
feel like that that is valuable that
notion yeah awesome thank you okay I'm
gonna bring it back to
Iman we're going to talk now about how
these values were actually created
because that's an entire process in and
of itself some of you listening have
probably been through it in varying
degrees of excitement and pain depending
on the process and actually when we were
talking before this each of you had very
different processes and timelines in how
your values were created or recreated so
Iman let's start with you talk us
through how when who created incredible
house values yeah so in 2017 I was
raising our first round of financing and
obvious Ventures had led our seed round
James Joaquin there and you know they
have an investment thesis around
investing in World positive companies
and so one of one of the things that
happened was he said to me and my
co-founder Rome you know before I wire
you this it was initial like two million
dollars or whatever it was right is I
need you to write down your mission
vision and values and send it over
before we wire and at the time I'm like
what the heck is this you know this is
like ridiculous
um but in hindsight I'm really glad that
he insisted on that uh and so the values
were written by the two co-founders they
are a reflection of our personalities
and what we um dreamed of building a
company around and building what how we
Define company culture too they're
heavily influenced by companies that we
used to work at UH in my case uh
McKinsey in in Rome's case Amazon so a
lot of the values at incredible Health
are very much borrowed from those
cultures too
um and so they were written very early
on and so since then we've really like
implemented the values through hiring
you know we're assessing them while
we're hiring they're part of employee
onboarding and they're certainly part of
performance as well five years on is
probably now time to like you know take
another look at them and update them but
uh but that's how it was initially
created
um I appreciate the call out to how you
borrowed from the places that you'd been
before because I think a lot of times
when it comes to values we feel like we
have to create something totally unique
that sums up that only our company could
be described by and actually it's not
the worst thing to build off what has
come before and what's worked for you in
other places
um any advice for folks on where to look
for inspiration you two seem to have
worked at places where you felt the
values represented you but that might
not be true for everyone I mean Sterling
picking companies that are very
successful tends to help
also uh
if there's a company that you admire and
and the way they they're run or the
accomplishments they've had are
particularly inspiring to you so those
are great places to borrow values from
um but then also just like make sure to
customize it for what it is that you
want at the end of the day these are
these are a reflection of the personal
values of the leaders or the founders so
um so definitely customization is still
needed yeah and the hope is that
everyone will be using them in their
decision making and all of that so
um I love that of sort of taking from
what works but customizing it to be
um to be right for you
um so I I'm gonna go back to Akshay for
you to talk about your process of
creating Notions values
yeah I'm jealous of women's process
because I think for us it was a pretty
long process I think we finally landed
on this probably like 18 months into it
um so the the process initially started
with uh the two co-founders Ivan and
Simon uh myself and a few others we were
probably like 20 people when we started
the process and we we started the
process because in every every interview
we were doing people would ask what the
notion values were and we were all
saying different things uh they were
sort of all sort of connected but but we
were all saying different things and and
we felt like we needed to
codify them into something that we that
everybody could use
um we also felt like we could tell the
20 people then on lunch tables and we
could share what our values were and we
realized as we're scaling there would
come a time when we won't get that
opportunity to do that to the next
employee so we started this 18 months
ago
um
I would say looking back I mean we did
we we studied a lot of companies and
there's some really good ones that
didn't make it to the list uh I would
say there's probably two three things
two three mistakes we made along those
18 months I would say the first one was
um that we had too many uh I think the
original draft I think had maybe eight
or something and
um nobody could remember all eight uh so
so that was one I think the second one
was I think it was very aspirational but
it wasn't authentically notion so you
could put those aspirational values down
but if you're not really seeing them
around you being used or you can't
really point to that it felt like just
something on a slide deck or something
on your walls but not living through
them
um and then I would say the last thing
is um
I think as we scaled we
we got a lot of employee feedback so we
did actually launch first version and we
got a lot of feedback about some that
people were more connected with some
others that weren't
um and and it's a tough process because
I think everybody has a very specific
point of view on this
um and so finally we landed on these
four because not only are they
authentically notion but they're also
easy to remember uh I I once tweeted
like when we're looking for notion like
the next notino is what we call the next
employee you know we're looking for
people who are owners of the mission
pacesetters trip Seekers kind and
directed which is like you know it's
within 140 characters I I can sort of
look for this person
um and then finally I think we not only
stopped at the values but we also
thought of rituals that reinforce these
values
um so we thought a lot about like how do
we use these values in recruiting how do
we use these values in our All Hands how
do we use these values in the day-to-day
decision making uh and and so today I
feel pretty good about these four it
feels timeless it feels authentically
notion but it was a long process for us
and sometimes painful because you know
you could be staring at these for a
while and it's a little bit like sort of
figuring out your life's purpose like
problem is like okay like what are the
values of a company we took it very
seriously uh and we we sort of feel
happy about where we are but it was it
took it took a long time for us so Iman
and her co-founder created the values
the two of them and they're very strong
reflection of them and you created the
values with this whole group of folks
how much would you say your personal
values and Notions values overlap what's
the relationship between those two
I think in the core
companies values is the extension of
Founders values I think it has to be
true otherwise I feel like it wouldn't
work so it has to be compatible
um
but one of the things that happens is
when you are 1500 people you are also
trying to involve them in the process
and make sure that this is extending
beyond the founders
um
my personal values very much align with
these values otherwise I wouldn't be
working at notion
um and and in many ways also values is a
filtering mechanism right it for the
next employee they're looking at this
and feel like they can live with these
values and if they do so they sort of
self-select into working at notion yeah
okay I have several follow-up questions
for three of you but I'm going to first
uh go to schwabe I think I just go
backwards there we go
um because you just redrafted your
values so talk to us about that process
and the difference between the original
and the redrafted values and who is
involved in the original Drafting and
the redrafting yeah
um so we the first time we we really
were intentional and documented our
values was in like 2015 and this is when
the company was going from a few people
in a room to people in many different
rooms and where you couldn't turn around
and you know just talk about What
mattered uh and where you had to be
really intentional about two things
um what what beliefs what behaviors do
we believe allow us to accomplish our
mission and win and then what actions
are we actually exhibiting uh every day
that allow us to to win and beliefs and
actions are really important I mean
corporate culture is super mimetic uh
you know the the uh what you do is what
other people will follow no matter what
you say it's going to be about what you
do
um and hopefully those align uh and so
you have to make sure that the beliefs
align with uh those those actions that
you're continuously exhibiting and
constantly engaging with your team
around
um and so we took the first attempt at
drafting values this 2015 and then we
had a pretty major I would say next ACT
in the company and that was renaming and
rebranding and kind of uh evolving the
corporate and the company narrative uh
the company's name used to be keep
trucking it was perfect at the time we
started the company it became a
constraint uh pretty quickly thereafter
uh and and we knew we needed to change
the name and so we use that as an
opportunity uh to really think what are
the beliefs and behaviors and actions
that we think will enable the next uh
sort of chapter of success for the
company what's going to allow us to win
in the future and and this is where it
wasn't a let's go and start from scratch
tear it down rebuild it uh it was let's
update these and evolve these uh for the
company we are today and the company we
want to become in the future uh and and
so there is an element of aspiration
um what are the behaviors that will get
us to the to the next stage
um but also you have to intersect that
with the reality of uh you know what
what you do today
um and so we we number one wanted to
simplify and make sure they were
memorable uh actionable
um and still tied back to where we came
from uh and and so we went through this
process of you know a number of people
the exact team plus a number of kind of
champions of our culture
um very long time team members we all
got in a room and uh we simply put on
paper uh what are the behaviors that we
believe allow us to win uh and what are
the actions that we reward at the
company uh and uh we clustered those
themes emerged
uh and then we tried to make them
memorable and make the naming and the
actual you know uh the the verbiage
um both memorable simple
um but inclusive of uh those key
behaviors and actions
so
what do we need to win and then what's
we reward or how you thought about what
actions do we remember what actions for
your reward I love that okay Iman I'm
curious listening to Schwab talk about
their refresh as you just mentioned
maybe it's time for us to refresh our
values like what what's your reaction
listening to him yeah I mean so we do
need to refresh them we just haven't
started the work yet but I'm just
basically gonna borrow the same yeah
it's the same process the same ideas
yeah okay so I I want to survey the
three of you
um when do you think for our audience
um is the right time to create your
values and how many is the optimal
number of values and
um who should be in the room when
they're created
yeah so I I think value should be
created as early as possible they are
the operating system of the company
they're how we work together they're how
we make decisions uh so the earlier
that's set up the better it as a CEO or
any company leader it does help
Drive alignment right and that's one of
the most challenging things that you're
doing while you're while you're scaling
or while you're working is just making
sure everybody's aligned and and it's
important that you know people are
making decisions and acting with these
values even if you're not in the room
yeah
going back to the idea of documentation
for let's call it product reviews
um or your strategy it which allows for
better alignment better asynchronous
communication better editing and input I
think similarly you want to be really
intentional uh and actually document
your your operating system for the
company which really is your values what
are the things what are the behaviors
and actions that we all agree we're
gonna
do together
um and and uh yeah I mean the earlier
the better uh I think I think is right
um documenting is is almost always good
uh it clarifies your own thought really
uh and then and then who's in the room
uh if it's a small company I think
everybody uh I mean those if it's seven
ten people uh you can actually include
everyone in that process obviously that
doesn't scale uh infinitely but uh
getting the the people that have the
most context
um are obviously are the leaders of the
company because they are going to what
they do will be followed um so making
sure that they're aligned or if they're
misaligned that's pretty revealing
um uh I think getting the right people
uh is important um and and but doing it
earlier is better
I think like if you are starting a
company and and the founders can put
down their own personal values I think
that's actually a great starting point
for the company values
um and then I think if you can put that
down maybe you can maybe when you're a
little bit larger just check if that is
actually the culture that's emerged
inside the company I think would be
would be great
um I think ideally you can keep it to
three to five values I think anything
more feels like hard to remember uh and
then I think something that show up said
that really resonated with me is that
um actually picking the right words like
like even looking at motives one like
it's something that's very easy to
remember easy to act on this is
something that people people feel like
they got to the right value but then
they don't spend enough time to actually
figure out the right words inside the
company and so that last part is super
valuable
great
so
one of the things that I had asked you
all to reflect on leading up today is
not just the backwards looking pieces of
how you created your values and sort of
how they showed up
um in your work but also to look ahead
um the three of you are building some of
the most influential companies that are
out there today
um you're crossed into unicorn status
you've got hundreds of people uh working
for you you're creating products that
thousands of people use
and you're doing this while using your
values living your values
um
finding Partners align with your values
like base 10 to help embed purpose on
the cap table and we're actually seeing
this at base time more and more both
with other advancement initiative
companies
um that are incredibly Mission driven
but also even with some of our early
stage companies we have a company chili
Piper that created a foundation really
early in their existence to start to
weave impact into their growth so I'm
curious what advice you all have for
folks in the audience who have Ambitions
to build influential SAS companies how
have you been able to live your values
while building in hyper growth which is
no small feat so in any order
I can go first
um
there's
you know when when you're growing very
rapidly
the values do get tested
right and and I have two specific
examples just to highlight and to share
first is just when attracting the right
Talent right so
um
employees today there's so many studies
that show this but the the knowledge
workers we're trying to hire today
particularly Millennials gen Z they
really care about company missions and
values
um they care about the purpose of what
they're doing and and where they're
working and so
um ensuring that the values are in place
and also are in force they're not just
words on a page but like people are
actually acting with it does actually
help attract Talent uh and and get the
right talent and that is honestly one of
the number one things you do as a leader
is try to get the right people on the
team right the second thing that happens
as you're uh that we notice as we are
rapidly scaling is that certain
situations happen that are sort of like
an assault on your values
and it's up to you as a leader to
protect your values so for example some
big shot executive joints
they look at the list of values and
they're you know within within a few
months they start talking about wanting
to change the values it's like no no no
I know you came from a different culture
and a different set of values but we
need we need you to conform to what our
values and what our culture is uh
another thing that can happen is
um a team within the company is like you
know we're gonna we're all we're also
gonna draft our own set of values
specific to our team and again you just
you have to say you know no
um your team has to align with the rest
of the company's values you can't go off
on your own creating your own set of
values uh so these are like some of the
things that can happen
um unexpectedly or insidiously that you
have to really really protect and um you
know sometimes it does lead to difficult
conversations in order to maintain your
values
I love that draft or values use your
values protect your values I'll
um maybe double down on that I mean the
the values have to be in service of the
business
and they have to be engineered so that
they go back to the principles that will
let you win the operating principles
that will allow your company to thrive
and and the foundation of that really is
are you building if it's a technology
company are you building technology that
solves a very real problem that people
are willing to pay for over and over
again if you don't have that nothing
else matters uh and so you I mean you
could have the most most ethical
leadership you could feel really good
about the way
um you're running the company and and
the people you're interacting with and
how people work together but if you
don't have that Foundation of a product
uh that is winning in the market uh a
lot of that other stuff just doesn't
matter uh and so that that's where the
the principal energy of every leader
should be focused on uh is are we
solving a meaningful problem for our
customers uh who will pay us over and
over yeah
I think building on what was said I I
think in the over the course of few
years that notion I think one of the
things I've realized is sort of values
is less about what you say and more
about what you do uh and I think what
Iman mentioned earlier around just like
you know it really gets tested in uh
tough times
um really Rings true I think
um what you do in those times and how
you act uh probably has more impact in
your organizational value than anything
else uh you can also take the flip side
like when you are when things are going
really well what you reward like how you
connect those back to the behavior you
want inside of a company is really
important
um
I think like one of the things I've
realized is like as an example
um you know we could be chasing a
specific customer uh and it could be a
really smooth journey and we could
probably win that customer and you could
sort of celebrate that but you could
also take another path where you're
chasing a customer you sort of put in
Blood Sweat and Tears into a specific
process took a long time you ended up
not winning that I think you still need
to celebrate that because someone really
went that extra mile set the pace like
put in a lot of time to win that deal it
didn't pan out but I think being able to
celebrate that inside the company means
that we are celebrating the behavior not
just the end result yeah celebrating the
behavior not the results and knowing
that you're celebrating the behavior
that when repeated will lead you to
those results you're seeking as opposed
to celebrating the result and then you
can get all sorts of behavior on the way
to it which can get pretty funky there's
a phenomenal book that really captures
that concept the score takes care of
itself Bill Walsh is kind of like Bible
it was uh the idea of inputs are really
really important it's not just about the
outcome uh if you do the right things
eventually the the right outcome happens
and so making sure that you recognize
and celebrate the people that they're
doing they're giving the input yeah one
other thing I wanted to mention is you
know because your question was like you
know values while building these unicorn
companies right I
I'm not sure if everyone noticed but
there are one or two values that we all
have all three of us have and I would
probably go as far to say like it's
almost a requirement to have these one
or two values if you're trying to
rapidly scale and you know become a
market leader Define a new category uh I
think all of us had elements of speed
something to do with Pace setting I
think we had speed you know just around
um
it is one of the main competitive
advantages that you have as a high
growth startup is you can move faster
than anybody else in the market and that
does to create an enormous amount of
value for your customers for your for
your team members it's very motivating
for your team members too and then the
second I think that where there was a
lot of overlap was um just to focus on
the users right like so addressing your
users most pressing needs or obsessing
with your obsessing over your users
needs that those two values the user
Obsession one as well as the speed one I
mean it's almost I would argue it's a
requirement to have those two if you're
building a high growth technology
company
I feel like you need to come sit in the
moderator yeah
thank you for that
um okay we have just a couple minutes
left I would love for each of you to
just share one parting thought
um and it could either be something you
learned from someone else uh on the
stage today or
um or maybe something you're you're
taking away that you're excited about
with your own business
I can start
um I guess like one of the learnings uh
at least from this panel also you know
the this
time I've spent that notion is is to
really sort of not just get to the
values part but also like make another
dock after the values part even though
you're tired uh around how you will
actually use it inside the company uh
and figure out like what are the right
ways you can incorporate it in your
day-to-day life whether it's the All
Hands whether it's
um you know whether it's the way you
interview people uh even thinking about
the list of values you have like how are
you going to actually find the next
employee
that actually has those values is
something you can really codify and that
helps a ton as you're scaling
um I think one thing I'm reminded of
is the power of recognition and reward
when people exemplify uh the behaviors
that you think are important in your
company
um and I mean it's so easy it says
literally zero marginal cost recognition
is free
and the return is just incredible in the
form of you know giving people
confidence that they're doing great work
driving retention
um
and and yeah inspiring uh the team and
and that that is it's viral it like it
spreads uh and so a culture of
recognition uh is so important in in
concert with uh strong values
so similarly
probably 20
determining what the value the values
are but
and uh in the implementation you know
there are additional you know documents
that can be created or processes that
can be created to support the values
right so what are your meeting Norms
like how do you handle meetings or how
how is decision making handled and all
of these things can be documented and uh
and reflect your values as well as well
as your performance reviews your
interview guides like honestly all the
core documents around how your business
is run internally should be a reflection
and are really doubling down on the
values
amazing thank you three so much this was
an awesome conversation I learned a lot
I hope you learned a lot
um and we're all excited to see what
comes next thanks everybody
that's awesome